batchname:

Renames files of the form trackxx.cdda.mp3 where xx is a number. This
is the format of output files from cdparanoia once encoded to mp3
using the mlame script for lame. The script takes a filename argument
which it parses to get the names to name the mp3's. The file is a
newline-delimited text file with any text common to all songs
(typically artist name or album name or both) on the first line. Each
subsequent line has text specific for that file. Generally, you want
the artist on the first line and then song titles in order on all
subsequent lines. The files will retain their track numbers. It will
also remove any special character cases that are annoying (generally
anything needing to be escaped on GNU/Linux shells).  Note: this is
deprecated because of bad MP3 licensing terms. See the cd2ogg script.


cd2ogg:

Rips and encodes a cd to a set of ogg files using cdparanoia and
oggenc based on a text file. Run the script with no arguments to get
help. Now that I'm using grip, so I don't use this anymore.


fixnames:

Did you ever download lots of files from Windows people that have all
kinds of nasty "need to be escaped" characters in it? Well, then this
is the script for you. It recursively looks at all the filenames in a
directory and renames them to the same thing minus the evil
characters. If the new filename exists, it will print an error and not
rename the file.


sync_podcasts:

This script synchronizes a directory of files (ideally podcasts) with
another directory (ideally located on a removable media player). It
builds a log of files which have been successfully synchronized and
only copies them once. This way, only new downloads are pushed to the
device. At the end of the process, a playlist is created in each
directory on the target device. Note: I use this on an iPod Nano
running the excellent Rockbox firmware.


cdtomp3:

Rips a CD using cdparanoia and then encodes it to MP3 using the mlame
script for lame.


dvdblank:

Blank a DVD


dvdformat:

Format a DVD


fastblank:

Blank a CDRW (fast method)


fullblank:

Blank a CDRW (slow, complete method)


ripcd.dd:

Rips a filesystem off a CD using the dd command.  It takes 1 argument
that is the name of the target file. Note that this is deprecated in
favor of ripcd.readcd, as readcd retries on skips.


ripcd.readcd:

Rips an iso9660 filesystem off a CD using the readcd command (which is
part of cdrecord).  It takes 1 argument that is the name of the target
file.


writecd:

Writes a CD. This script is actually documented, and if you call it
with no arguments, it prints a condensed version of the recorder's man
page, with the options that I use the most. Also in that file are how
to create straight data cd's, audio cd's of properly or improperly
sized data, and mixed mode (data and audio) cd's.


writedvd:

Writes a DVD. Usage is similar to writecd.
